References (not just links) to item (view and menu item) – Update to released plone.restapi.relations (#4842)
plone/volto: docs/source/user-manual/links-to-item.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    "description": "User manual on how to find all links and relations to the current item."
    "property=og:description": "User manual on how to find all links and relations to the current item."
    "property=og:title": "Finding links and relations to the current item."
    "keywords": "Volto, Plone, frontend, React, User manual, links, relations, references, related content"
---

(links-to-item-label)=

# Finding links and references to the current page

Sometimes it can be hard to keep track from where a certain page is referenced.
This is especially true whenever you want to reconstruct your website with a greater number of objects being moved or deleted.

> For this situation, you can visit the {guilabel}`Links and references` page, which is an overview of all content items that refererence a certain content item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this situation, you can visit the {guilabel}`Links and references` page, which is an overview of all content items that reference a certain content item.
```

```{note}
An item references another item by creating a hyperlink to this item, using the item in a block, referencing it in the {guilabel}`Related Items` field, or referencing it in a relation field.
```

## {guilabel}`Links and references` view

In the toolbar on the left side, you can click on the item with the three horizontally aligned dots, called {guilabel}`More menu`.
Click then on the item labeled {guilabel}`Links and references`.

You can see now a table displaying all links and references to the current item.

```{image} ../_static/user-manual/manage/link-to-items.png

> :alt: A panel captioned with "Links and references to 'My Summer Vacation - Day 2'". A table with three columns (first column labeled with "Linking / referencing this item…", second column labeled with "Review state", third column labeled with "Type"). In the row appears a link titled "Links to My Summer Vacation - Day 1", because it is referencing the current item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:alt: A panel captioned with "Content that links to or references 'Supervisor Adélaïde Pickavance'". Below the caption, there is a table with three sections, where each section has three columns. The first column's heading is the section name, the second is "Review State", and the third is "Type". The three sections are named, from top to bottom, "Linking this item with hyperlink in text", "Referencing the item as related item", and "Referencing this item with '[Name of Relation Field]'".
```

Reviewer: If it is too difficult to describe in words, maybe the table is too complex? Maybe it would be easier to have three tables, instead of three sections in one table? Then we don't have do alt text gymnastics.

I don't know whether mentioning the table is generative would be helpful, and would cause further confusion.

Anyway, when I get stuck on what to do, I usually go with the simpler method. `¯\_(ツ)_/¯`

You can see now a table displaying all links to the current item.

```{image} ../_static/user-manual/manage/link-to-items.png

> :alt: A panel captioned with "Links to My Summer Vacation - Day 2". A table with two columns (first column labeled with "Linking this item", second column labeled with "review state"). In the row appears a link titled "Links to My Summer Vacation - Day 1", because it is referencing the current item.

Reviewer: This summarizes the language that I would like to see used and adapted in the code for the panel. I probably missed exactly where the updates would be necessary in the code.

I think the row `Content that link to this item` can be merged with the heading above the table, into `Content that links to {ITEM_NAME}`.

```suggestion
:alt: A panel with the heading "Content that links to {ITEM_NAME}", followed by a table describing the content.
      The table has sections that show the content is linked by either a hyperlink or a reference.
      The first column is labeled "LINKED BY HYPERLINK" or "LINKED BY REFERENCE '{REF_NAME}'".
      The second and third columns are labeled "REVIEW STATE" and "TYPE".
```
